Update index.md (#34841)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/deploying/native-aot/index.md

---
# Native AOT deployment

> Publishing your app as *native AOT* produces an app that is [self-contained](../index.md#publish-self-contained) and that has been ahead-of-time (AOT) compiled to native code. Native AOT apps start up quickly and use less memory. The app can run it on a machine that doesn't have the .NET runtime installed.

Reviewer: Perhaps it's better this way:
```suggestion
Publishing your app as *native AOT* produces an app that is [self-contained](../index.md#publish-self-contained) and that has been ahead-of-time (AOT) compiled to native code. Native AOT apps have faster startup time and smaller memory footprints. These apps can run on a machine without .NET runtime installed.
```

cc @jkotas

Reviewer 2: (nit) `footprints` => `footprint`. Unless you want to make `time` plural as well.

Reviewer: Update the suggestion, thanks.

Reviewer: Updated the suggestion, thanks.

> Publishing your app as *native AOT* produces an app that is [self-contained](../index.md#publish-self-contained) and that has been ahead-of-time (AOT) compiled to native code. Native AOT apps have faster startup time and smaller memory footprint. These apps can run on a machine without .NET runtime installed.

Author: ```suggestion
Publishing your app as *native AOT* produces an app that is [self-contained](../index.md#publish-self-contained) and that has been ahead-of-time (AOT) compiled to native code. Native AOT apps have faster startup time and smaller memory footprints. These apps can run on a machine without .NET runtime installed.
```

> Publishing your app as *native AOT* produces an app that is [self-contained](../index.md#publish-self-contained) and that has been ahead-of-time (AOT) compiled to native code. Native AOT apps have faster startup time and smaller memory footprints. These apps can run on a machine without .NET runtime installed.

Author: ```suggestion
Publishing your app as *native AOT* produces an app that is [self-contained](../index.md#publish-self-contained) and that has been ahead-of-time (AOT) compiled to native code. Native AOT apps start up quickly and use less memory. The app can run it on a machine that doesn't have the .NET runtime installed.
+Publishing your app as *native AOT* produces an app that is [self-contained](../index.md#publish-self-contained) and that has been ahead-of-time (AOT) compiled to native code. Native AOT apps have faster startup time and smaller memory footprints. These apps can run on a machine without .NET runtime installed.
```

> Publishing your app as *native AOT* produces an app that is [self-contained](../index.md#publish-self-contained) and that has been ahead-of-time (AOT) compiled to native code. Native AOT apps start up very quickly and use less memory. Users of the application can run it on a machine that doesn't have the .NET runtime installed.

Author: ```suggestion
Publishing your app as *native AOT* produces an app that is [self-contained](../index.md#publish-self-contained) and that has been ahead-of-time (AOT) compiled to native code. Native AOT apps start up quickly and use less memory. The app can run it on a machine that doesn't have the .NET runtime installed.
```
Per MS sytle guide mantra, less is more.
